# CMPSC 480: Portfolio project reflection

* A brief description of your site build process (including challenges and solutions)
I enjoyed the site build process overall, including the challenges it presented. Initially, I was hung up on changing my theme which caused me some issues at the beginning of my portfolio-building journey. I had to read through several outside sources and attempted to fix my issue in several ways. For the majority of the time, I thought I was having issues with Node Js, and unfortunately, it wasn't until our class period that I realized all I had to do was change the site file. However, my journey to understanding what was going wrong proved to be fruitful, and I learned a lot about the interworkings of these static-site builders. Adding the rest of my professional information was not as difficult as I thought it would be, and I enjoyed deciding the overall aestetic of my website.

* A summary of the audiences for which the site is built and how its overall form and content catered to their interests
My site is marketed towards employers looking for a creative mind who has skills expected from someone who would be looking to develop user experience/websites. Additionally, employers who would be looking to higher a computer savvy marketing employee should also find my skills useful. In the about me section of my website, I display a ton of important information such as general expertise, a creative list of programming and application proficiencies, and awards and certifications that would cater to the interests of my target audience.

* How your design decisions are informed by the various professional documents you've completed this semester
Using everything we learned throughout the semester, I knew to keep the most important information front and center. This is why with a few quick scrolls my users can see a brief overview of my educational accomplishments, a glance at the projects I have worked on, and a blip of my professional experience. Each of these will draw attention from my viewers and with a minimal level of clicks, they will be able to navigate to all the information they would need. I structured all of my projects to be easily accessible and uniform in their display to create the best viewing experience. Along with this, the about me section not only describes who I am but includes several important details about my skillset and job compatibility.